we work for the man oh no this isn't
about the father this is about the son
Artemis Fowl
[Applause]
you grown strong son and smarter than I
ever imagined don't take me with you
you're all I have no Artie there's just
one very important thing I have to do
[Music]
authorities launched a worldwide manhunt
for the famous collector he is suspected
to have been behind some of the biggest
robberies ever
hello your family has taken something of
great value from us return it to me or I
will destroy everything else
[Music]
anyone's supposed to see this yet
your father is in a complicated
profession for years he is protected
powerful secrets that have kept mankind
safe from the dangers of another world
it's time to face your destiny what they
call great but we are not alone in this
mold students miss a talented giant
Wharf and I'm Hollie short your ally on
the other side
it's real
[Music]
alright save my father save the world
Oh see ready tell him we are dead
let's get ahead on tunas I'm scared to
death
we'll see
you I'm the next criminal
mastermind
is what they call greatness I didn't
bring much on trolls anything else to
look at for the teeth they people could
to know
[Music]